Mom, you can't do this, shut up
Come home with me right now
Never see him again
Because this time it was really an accident.
I promise. I promise.
What guarantee do you have?
You are a troublemaker yourself
As long as I'm really with you
These hazards cannot be avoided
I will never let him get hurt again
Let's go
Zhang Zhenzhen, are you going to piss me off?
Let's go uncle
Oh, dear.
Big brother and sister-in-law, he is too much, he is right
Being really with me is really troublesome
The reason for his attitude
Also because
I owe so much to their dancers before
This is what people can't help themselves in the rivers and lakes
Hey, let's not talk about this
Oh, right.
Why are you the only one here today?
What about Shu Ting? He let me come first
I'll give a call and ask.
After all these years, you still look cold
It seems that there is a lack of male nourishment
Otherwise, my sister will buy you a drink.
You're weaker than ever
Strength is not the whole of life
Besides, I'm about to get my big brother soon
It's not more important than strength
If you hadn't dreamt, you would have been here for a while
What's the matter with that woman in danger?
You ruined the good thing between me and my brother
You blame me
What!
You got into a fight with the queen and he wounded you